Update PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md (#4304)
tuist/tuist: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

- [ ] The code architecture and patterns are consistent with the rest of the codebase.
- [ ] The changes have been tested following the [documented guidelines](https://docs.tuist.io/contributors/testing-strategy/).

> - [ ] The PR includes the label changelog:added, changelog:fixed, or changelog:changed, whenever it should be included in the “Added”, “Fixed” or “Changed” section of the CHANGELOG. Note: when included in the CHANGELOG, the title of the PR will be used as entry, please make sure it is clear enough.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] The PR includes the label `changelog:added`, `changelog:fixed`, or `changelog:changed`, whenever it should be included in the “Added”, “Fixed” or “Changed” section of the CHANGELOG. Note: when included in the CHANGELOG, the title of the PR will be used as entry, please make sure it is clear and suitable.
```
